# coursehelp
Please check this project.  Admin Panel Admin Login System - Administrative login, forgot &amp; reset password, profile update, and log out. Site Settings - The admin will be able to configure some basic settings for the website. (Site Name, Site Title, Contact Email, Social Links, PayPal Email, etc.) CMS Pages Management - The admin will be able to view, add, edit, and delete CMS pages (About Us, Contact Us, etc.) Users Management - The admin will be able to view, add, edit, and delete website users. Question Categories Management - The admin will be able to view, add, edit, and delete category for questions. Questions Management - The admin will be able to view, add, edit, and delete questions. These fields will be available for question creation - Category, Question, Status, etc. Answers Management - The admin will be able to view, add, edit, and delete answers. These fields will be available for answer creation - Question (Select), Answer, Price, Status, etc. Multiple answers can be added to a single question.   Frontend  Homepage: Top Navigation Menu Panel - Site Logo and some navigation links will be placed in this section. CMS Content - Some CMS content section will be placed on the home page (How It Works, About Us, etc.). Question Categories - All category of questions will be listed and the user can browse questions by clicking the categories. Footer - Navigation links, social links and contact information will be displayed in the footer section. Sign up &amp; Sign in: The user can be able to register their account with some basic details (Name, Email, Password, etc.). The registered user can log in to their account and access these features - forgot &amp; reset password, update account, log out. Questions: In this page, all the questions will be listed. The user can search and filter questions by category and other info.  Once the question is clicked the user will be redirected to the details page. In the details page, the answers to the respective question will be listed with the assigned price. Once the user chooses Buy option, they will be redirected to the PayPal site to make payment. After payment completion, the user will be redirected back to the site and the transaction details will be shown. The PayPal IPN will be used to validate the transaction and insert payment information in the database. After successful payment, the user will be able to view their purchased answer.  Webpage Design Admin Panel: The admin panel layout will responsive and user-friendly UI will be implemented. Frontend: We will design the new layout for the following pages. Homepage Sign up &amp; Sign in User account Questions list page Question details page Question answer page Payment page.
